chore(update): add spin adjustments in 7.9 to 7.10 update (#364)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/79-to-710/_index.md

* `CREATE_INSTANCE` and `READ` permissions at process definition level and
* `CREATE` permission for all process instances.

## Spin and JAXB

> Since Java 9, the previously included module "JAXB" was marked as deprecated and with Java 11 the module was removed entirely from the JDK. To make sure that the `camunda-spin-dataformat-all` artefact works seamlessly with Java 9 and versions above (i. e. without additional dependencies or configuration effort), from now on JAXB is directly included in the `camunda-spin-dataformat-all` artefact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Java 9, the previously included module "JAXB" was marked as deprecated and with Java 11 the module was removed entirely from the JDK. To make sure that the `camunda-spin-dataformat-all` artifact works seamlessly with Java 9 and versions above (i. e. without additional dependencies or configuration effort), from now on JAXB is directly included in the `camunda-spin-dataformat-all` artifact.
```

> Our recommendation is instead of using the `camunda-spin-dataformat-all` artefact, you could use the `camunda-spin-dataformat-xml-dom` artefact for the de/serialization of XML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our recommendation is, instead of using the `camunda-spin-dataformat-all` artifact, to use the `camunda-spin-dataformat-xml-dom` artifact for the de/serialization of XML.
```

> If you are using Java 9 or above, you additionally need a JAXB implementation, we recommend to use the version `2.2.3` of `com.sun.xml.bind:jaxb-impl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Java 9 or above, you additionally need a JAXB implementation. We recommend to use version `2.2.3` of `com.sun.xml.bind:jaxb-impl`.
```
